1. Using reverse-i-search often, and that's cool. Sometime though when pressing CTRL+r multiple times, 
   I pass the command I am actually looking for. Because CTRL+r searches backward in history, from newest to oldest, I have to:
   cancel, search again and stop exactly at the command, without passing it. While in reverse-i-search prompt, is it possible to search forward,
   i.e. from where I stand to newest. I naively tried CTRL+Shift+r, no luck. I heard about CTRL+g but this is not what I am expecting here.

2. The easiest way to show hidden files on Linux is to use the ls command with the “-a” option for “all”. For example, 
   in order to show hidden files in a user home directory, this is the command that you would run. 
   For example, the .bash_logout script is executed whenever you log out of your Bash sessions. Another great example is 
   the .gitignore file used by Git to exclude certain files from being pushed to your remote repository.
   To list or find all hidden files, you have to explicitly tell the find command to list all files whose names start with a dot (.).

   find . -name ".*" -maxdepth 1 2> /dev/null


3. An OS for your server can be a really confusing task due to a huge list of available options; especially if you want to go with a Linux distribution. 
   There are many choices, but none of them are as famous as Ubuntu or CentOS.

   It doesn’t matter whether you are a professional or a beginner, it usually comes down to choosing between the two options. 
   It’s safe to say that there is no straightforward decision.


4.  A web server is software and hardware that uses HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) and other protocols to respond 
    to client requests made over the World Wide Web. The main job of a web server is to display website content through storing, 
    processing and delivering webpages to users.
    
    Web servers often come as part of a larger package of internet- and intranet-related programs that are used for:

    sending and receiving emails;
    downloading requests for File Transfer Protocol (FTP) files; and
    building and publishing webpages.


